whatever is left we were Rivera and he's
gonna say some do's and don'ts about how
you can be a better Starbucks customer
all right to do Stu being a better
Starbucks customer when
while you're waiting in our long line
actually take that time to look at the
menu that when you get to the register
you know what drink you want you know
causing a fuss and to it also have to
give your money ready or your food out
of your cabinet already
go faster two bad things that we really
don't like you're at Starbucks is one
we're on the phone you're at the
register of the new - with the
five minutes before
these visitors
thank you very much girl
this is Bryza and Jessica Starbucks
barista supervisor so pleased you just
tell me some banter about how we gonna
be better Starbucks customers what they
should and shouldn't do
really grind your gears
and then they returned it because it
how are you gonna think it right away or
if they say no phone with that 20 days
also
don't talk on your cell phone when
ordering time sure commotion yes
no your order when you get to the
difference of the register
make sure you know your order because
when
that's a latte cappuccino is all phone
only if you want to know Starbucks just
ask us what your drink is before you
extra excellent that's love
anything out there watching me make
their dream
oh yeah
on there after doing and
or they're watching somebody else's
drinking like you're making their drink
different and they're like that's not
you make when you're drinking you're
like I'm not on your drink or if they
just stand and watch you okay that's so
creepy like this so very much and the
other thing is when you have drinks and
somebody comes up and asks for soy milk
or a hot cup of water or
so I get back in line be respectful to
others around you make everyone I was so
much happier
and you try to be nice
things that it's like a smile goes
really far here it started and then
probably I have
pretty yeah you don't think we try to
put a smile on for you so you put a
spell on for us there we go
that really grinds our gears and busts
are thank you very much ladies
for everyone I learned how to be a
better so remotes customer help us help
you